README.md, before:

# 📘 Shikshashii – A Modern Space for Learning Growth

Shikshashii is a **modern Learning Management System (LMS)** that provides an interactive and user-friendly platform for students and educators.  
It focuses on structured learning, accessibility, and growth in a digital environment.

🔗 **Live Project:**  
https://studynotion-frontend.vercel.app/

---

## 🌟 Features

- 🎓 Modern and clean UI
- 📚 Course-based learning system
- 🧑‍🏫 Student & Instructor support
- 🔐 Authentication & secure access
- 📱 Fully responsive design
- ⚡ Smooth navigation and performance

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript  
- **Framework:** React.js  
- **Styling:** CSS  
- **Deployment:** Vercel  
- **Version Control:** Git & GitHub  

---

## 📸 Project Screenshots

### 🏠 Homepage
![Homepage](project1-images/Homepage.png)

### 🏠 Home Section
![Home](project1-images/Home.png)

### 🏠 Home UI
![Home UI](project1-images/Home1.png)

### ℹ️ About Us Page
![About Us](project1-images/Aboutus.png)

### 📞 Contact Page
![Contact](project1-images/contact.png)

### 🎨 UI Preview
![UI Preview](project1-images/HomePic.png)

---

## 🚀 How to Run Locally

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/007Ayushi/Shikshashii-A-modern-space-for-learning-growth.git

Commit message:

Revise README content and image paths
Updated project description and improved feature list formatting. Changed image paths for project screenshots.

README.md, after:

# 📘 Shikshashii – A Modern Space for Learning Growth

Shikshashii is a modern Learning Management System (LMS) designed to provide a clean, interactive, and user-friendly digital learning experience for students and educators.


## 🌟 Features

- 🎓 Modern and responsive user interface  
- 📚 Course-based learning platform  
- 🧑‍🏫 Student and instructor support  
- 🔐 Secure authentication system  
- ⚡ Smooth navigation and performance  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript  
- **Framework:** React.js  
- **Styling:** CSS  
- **Deployment:** Vercel  
- **Version Control:** Git & GitHub  

---

## 📸 Project Screenshots

### 🏠 Homepage
![Homepage](Homepage.png)

### 🏠 Home Section
![Home](Home.png)

### 🏠 Home UI
![Home UI](Home1.png)

### ℹ️ About Us Page
![About Us](Aboutus.png)

### 📞 Contact Page
![Contact](contact.png)

### 🎨 UI Preview
![UI Preview](HomePic.png)

---

## 🚀 How to Run Locally

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/007Ayushi/Shikshashii-A-modern-space-for-learning-growth.git
